Update docs to include timeouts (#487)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/migrating/data-sources/timeouts.mdx

---
page_title: 'Plugin Development - Framework: Timeouts'
description: >-
  How to migrate timeouts from SDKv2 to the Framework.
---

# Timeouts

The Framework can be used in conjunction with the [terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework-timeouts) module in order to allow defining timeouts in configuration and have them be available in CRUD functions.

## Specifying Timeouts in Configuration

### Nested Block

Timeouts defined in configuration used with providers built on [SDKv2](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-sdk) use nested block syntax.

```terraform
data "timeouts_example" "example" {
  /* ... */

  timeouts {
    read = "60m"
  }
}
```

The Schema is modified by calling `timeouts.Block` supplying options to specify which attributes are to be added.

```go
func (e *exampleDataSource) GetSchema(ctx context.Context) (tfsdk.Schema, diag.Diagnostics) {
    return tfsdk.Schema{
        /* ... */

        Blocks: map[string]tfsdk.Block{
            "timeouts": timeouts.Block(ctx, timeouts.Opts{
                Read: true,
            }),
        },
```

### Nested Attributes

> Where possible, we recommend switching to nested attribute syntax during migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a practitioner breaking change is acceptable during migration, we recommend switching to nested attribute syntax instead.
```
